Hello and welcome back to the course on Tablo.
Today we take a look back at this jam packed section and revisit some of the most important aspects
which we've covered during this section.
No we kicked it off with looking at the Falls and looking at different variations of what our PD False
be structured and potentially being used by us.
We looked at some report formats and then also some more straightforward formats where we can actually
extract the data directly from tables.
We actually proceeded and extracted debt using the Tablo PDAF connector extracted data from the New
York City Police Department.
We also stopped briefly and had a look at the absolute page numbers and how important is to use those
and not the actual page number printed on the PDAF as those those might sometimes be different.
And this will save you a lot of time if you make a note of this.
We then further looked at the data interpreter and how that also not only works well for Excel files
but also in PTF but that we do need to make sure that our quality checks are being done properly to
ensure that we don't miss any data or it is incorrectly interpreted.
In addition to the data interpreter and working with pedia falls we saw that Tablo apply some logic
on each table or each page to see whether there are different ways of interpreting the tables.
And it gives us different variations to choose from when connecting to these falls.
We also then had a further look on how we can actually get data from different pages onto one.
And by using the Union and then we looked at different cleanups tapes using a PDA file.
It was also then very important to note that the cleanup steps that we perform may vary greatly from
any of the documents or every document will have a different process.
And that's also what makes it quite complex.
Working with PDA falls.
So it's not always it's not your preferred way of receiving data but if you have no other option this
can work as well.
Just be careful that your cleanup steps may vary greatly.
Then we also mentioned that there's a lot of factors that can influence how Tablo interprets your PDA.
Now those can range from hierarchy's or hitter's or sub tables and you can have multiple rows of content
that should be affected as one even color and shading can affect how Tablo interprets the data.
So do be careful when using PDA documents.
We then moved over onto spatial falls and we had look at four different special falls and what the monitory
files are that Tablo needs to use to connect to and will connect and display the data properly of your
spatial files.
We also stopped briefly and had a look at the different Matt types and had a look at how special files
can improve our maps how we using it.
When we do not have the normal geographies or the normal Geographic roles that are required for our
analysis and examples they were for instance school districts or parks and so forth.
Those are not native to tabla and we might have to consult other sources to obtain these special spatial
data.
We then connect it to our own spatial data that we are taking from the New York City Open data.
And we also extracted the data we further into to join this to the PDAF fall that we imported earlier
and we noticed some data quality issues and how to resolve them.
And most notably to watch out for our duplicate records as well as her records way.
You do not have joined necessarily so when you using in a joint that you might end up losing records.
Especially when working with two sources from two different open data platforms your data might have
some glitches.
We had a look at how to solve that so that was a very important one that's all so why be highlighting
it in this part.
We finish that off by looking at this step and jump line which is a variation of your line chart.
And quite handy to show specific differences in your garage off and quite handy to highlight some specific
changes over time in your time analysis.
And last we resolved our business goes loss business case by using the very intuitive function which
is super helpful when you don't want to create a dashboard but still allow the user to explore your
data by using multiple sheets.
And by basically adding sheets into your tooltip which gets filtered automatically.
So pretty awesome stuff.
I had a lot of fun preparing and presenting the same action and I hope you had just as much fun and
that you learned a range of new skills and features that you can use in Tablo 20:18.
I hope to see you now at Von's course and until next time.
Yes you've guessed it.
Happy analyzing.